README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @DmytroPV
- 👀 I’m currently looking for a job. It would be interesting to work on modern technological projects (innovations, startups)
- 🌱 I'm currently refining my front-end development skills while continuing to work on my "Pet Projects"...
      I also study the basics of creating startups and progressive methods of developing new ideas
- 📫 I'm from Ukraine

You can check out the repositories with my code. I want to note that I continue to train and improve.

- I have a certificate and experience as a front-end developer.
(HTML5, CSS, SCSS, JavaScript, React (hooks), Styled-components, Redux-toolkit, Token, Cookie, JSON, Node, Npm, Axios, Api, GitHub, Swagger, VSCode, Figma)

- Other skills: WordPress, Woocommerce, API Payment Systems, ♦ Meta Business Suite, Commerce, Advertising, Feeds, Group Management ♦ 
              Digital Marketing ♦ Video Editor MP4 Movavi, Voiceover, Intro, Outro, Sound-Video Effects ♦ Bot Framework Composer ♦ 
              Microsoft Excel , Word, Power Point ♦ 
              Forex, technical and candlestick analysis of Forex quote charts, development of Forex Metatrader 4/5 experts.
              
- Thanks to the acquired skills, I strive to offer ways to the team
streamline and improve workflow, which in turn can
will positively affect the overall results of the project and reduce
load. I value personal qualities in communication
with management and subordinate staff. I managed it
to develop the ability to think creatively, quickly learn and find
important details. I have an irresistible desire for the global
development of the project I'm working on. I try every day
learn something new in programming. Every project gets better
my skills, because I try to use new technologies, improve
number of skills and increase the quality of coding. I have
experience in management positions.

<!---
DmytroPV/DmytroPV is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise README.md with updated skills and experience
Updated personal introduction and skills in README.md to reflect current experience and technologies.

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @DmytroPV
- 👀 It would be interesting to work on modern technological projects (innovations, startups)
- 🌱 Frontend Developer with 2+ years of experience in building responsive web applications using React, JavaScript, and Tailwind CSS. Proficient in Web3 technologies (Thirdweb, NFT, DAO) and Google Cloud tools (BigQuery ML, Vertex AI). Skilled in developing trading strategies with Pine Script and integrating APIs for payment systems and blockchain solutions.
- 📫 I'm from Ukraine

You can check out the repositories with my code. I want to note that I continue to train and improve.

- Frontend Development: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, React, Next, React Hook Form, Styled-components, Material UI, Tailwind CSS, Redux-toolkit, Node.js, GitHub, VSCode, REST API, Figma.
- Web3 & Blockchain: Thirdweb, NFT, DAO, Crypto Literacy.
- Google Cloud: Basic knowledge of Data, ML, and AI Tasks in Google Cloud, Serverless Firebase Development, Predict Soccer Match Outcomes with BigQuery ML, Integrate with Machine Learning APIs, Detect
Manufacturing Defects using Visual Inspection AI, Create ML Models with BigQuery ML, Build and Deploy Machine Learning Solutions on Vertex AI, Automate Interactions with Contact Center AI
- Other skills: Pine Script, Script development, Trading View, Forex Trading, Technical Analysis of trading.
              
- Thanks to the acquired skills, I strive to offer ways to the team
streamline and improve workflow, which in turn can
will positively affect the overall results of the project and reduce
load. I value personal qualities in communication
with management and subordinate staff. I managed it
to develop the ability to think creatively, quickly learn and find
important details. I have an irresistible desire for the global
development of the project I'm working on. I try every day
learn something new in programming. Every project gets better
my skills, because I try to use new technologies, improve
number of skills and increase the quality of coding. I have
experience in management positions.

<!---
DmytroPV/DmytroPV is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
--->
